# ComputerOrganizationProjectFinal Project for Computer Organization @ RPIProgress:PART 2 Supported Instructions: Done<br/>PART 2.1 Instruction Conversion: Done<br/>PART 3 Memory: Done<br/>PART 4 Control: Done<br/>PART 6 ALU, Adder, and Other Circuits: Done<br/>PART 6 Datapath: Done<br/>(Project Rules):The rules for your project implementation will be similar to Lab 5 and Lab 6 but with a fewadditions. Basically, anything you code up for your processor should be representable as someactual combinational circuit. Generally, for loops over fixed iteration counts are OK, while all if-elsestatements are NOT. You are free to re-use any code from any group members' prior assignments.Group work should be as evenly distributed among members as is possible. Try and start as earlyas is reasonably possible.The primary purpose of the project is for you to demonstrate how basic logic gates can be combinedtogether into complex circuits. As a rule, whatever you implement in your solution file should bea loose representation of an implementable circuit. The below are guidelines to this end:1. No modifications to main().2. You are allowed to implement additional basic gates { e.g., a three input AND gate { tosimplify your other circuits.3. If desired, you can modify the function prototypes given in the template.4. No if() or if()-else() logical control statements, or equivalent.5. You can use basic for loops only (for int i = 0; i < N; ++i). Different loop structures are notallowed, as they can easily be used as a logical equivalent to if-else statements.6. No calls to any external or library functions.7. The above rules are to basically ensure that you're sticking to using gates for all logical controland operations. No tricky workarounds are allowed.